it's junior officer aboard your ship before it's gonna be a very important
for you to earn the trust and respect of men and women in your
division. One of the easiest things to do for that is to get up, get
out of your stay out of the water along. Go along the debts off your
personnel, go follow the messages of the watch. And I'm not just talking
about your initial qualifications that you would have to do is
part of your peak US, your personal qualifications stand personal
provocation system, US points. Am I talking about getting points? I'm
talking about getting out and you know, you want to turn in for the
night. You got one more hour of rack time or do you want to go walk
the deck? You'll find the message of the watch will climb down light
mine shaft bearing, you know, go take the loot wall temperatures.
Okay. And do that for every launch chef bearing on your ship. That
is easy. Just walking the deck management by walking around, walking
around and checking out on what you're moving. So you actually won.
It's important for you to learn your ship Every ship is different.
Laid out a little bit different. All ships line. They're supposed to
be laid out the same, but some are not. It is. You're in combat If
you have to go down to a given space and check something else flooding
damage control. The only way to do that is by walking around. What
better way to hurt? You know, trust and respect of your personal else
by walking it with them. For example, you give not divisional officer
level. But as a chief engineer, we're getting ready to launch
the RHIB and your every ship will have on away boat. In this case, most
of them all. The ridge we had just gotten to the ship's. So we had
a launch. The RHIB, while part of a peace do after that is you tested
Once there was a conflict in the instructions. The bullets in base
at the best engine. But the Gangsters, the plant maintenance system
is do not test. Without water flowing on, the most middle watch
could have damage the ship. Once that was explained to May, we wrote
a procedure to take care of that and get it and the A Gator. Oh, yeah.
The ship won't be damaged. Everything and that He put the word out.
The engineer stuck on 48 hangars over with Postmates. So engineers
win. I didn't score one. Most amazing. So I was a farmer. I do, but
just there's gonna be a lot of examples. Where? Mushroom walking
a while. You won't find these examples. If you stay in your state grow
if you stay in the water. Okay. You're not gonna want your shit.
You're not gonna learn that. It is not a good way to start your career.
You want to walk around, You want to know your shit, You want you.